apps: updated the default resources (#739)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Changed the User Alertmanager namespace (alertmanager) to an operator namespace from an user namespace
- Moved the User Alertmanager RBAC to `user-alertmanager` chart
- Made CK8S_FLAVOR mandatory on init

> - resources requests and limits for falco-exporter, kubeStateMetrics and prometheusNodeExporter [#739](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/739)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- increased resource requests and limits for falco-exporter, kubeStateMetrics and prometheusNodeExporter [#739](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/739)
```
